AzureMonitor: Improve Azure Resource Graph docs (#34450)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/azuremonitor.md

    portalLink=properties.links.azurePortal
| summarize numberOfResources=count(resourceId) by tostring(recommendationName), tostring(recommendationState)
```
### Azure Resource Graph macros

> To make writing queries easier, you can use several Grafana macros. Use them in the where clause of a query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Grafana macros when constructing a query. Use the macros in the where clause of a query:
```

> To make writing queries easier there are several Grafana macros that can be used in the where clause of a query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make writing queries easier, you can use several Grafana macros. Use them in the where clause of a query:
```

- `$__timeFilter()` - Expands to
  `timestamp ≥ datetime(2018-06-05T18:09:58.907Z) and`
  `timestamp ≤ datetime(2018-06-05T20:09:58.907Z)` where the from and to datetimes are from the Grafana time picker.

- `$__timeFilter(datetimeColumn)` - Expands to
  `datetimeColumn ≥ datetime(2018-06-05T18:09:58.907Z) and`
  `datetimeColumn ≤ datetime(2018-06-05T20:09:58.907Z)` where the from and to datetimes are from the Grafana time picker.

- `$__timeFrom()` - Returns the From datetime from the Grafana picker. Example: `datetime(2018-06-05T18:09:58.907Z)`.

> - `$__timeTo()` - Returns the From datetime from the Grafana picker. Example: `datetime(2018-06-05T20:09:58.907Z)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$__timeTo()` - Returns the To datetime from the Grafana picker. Example: `datetime(2018-06-05T20:09:58.907Z)`.
```

> - `$__escapeMulti($myVar)` - Use with multi-value template variables that contain illegal characters. If `$myVar` has the following two values as a string `'\\grafana-vm\Network(eth0)\Total','\\hello!'`, then it expands to: `@'\\grafana-vm\Network(eth0)\Total', @'\\hello!'`. If you are using single value variables, then there is no need for this macro, simply escape the variable inline instead - `@'\$myVar'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$__escapeMulti($myVar)` - Use with multi-value template variables that contain illegal characters. If `$myVar` has the two values as a string `'\\grafana-vm\Network(eth0)\Total','\\hello!'`, then it expands to: `@'\\grafana-vm\Network(eth0)\Total', @'\\hello!'`. If you are using single value variables, then there is no need for this macro, simply escape the variable inline instead - `@'\$myVar'`.
```

> - `$__escapeMulti($myVar)` - is to be used with multi-value template variables that contain illegal characters. If `$myVar` has the following two values as a string `'\\grafana-vm\Network(eth0)\Total','\\hello!'`, then it expands to: `@'\\grafana-vm\Network(eth0)\Total', @'\\hello!'`. If using single value variables there is no need for this macro, simply escape the variable inline instead - `@'\$myVar'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$__escapeMulti($myVar)` - Use with multi-value template variables that contain illegal characters. If `$myVar` has the following two values as a string `'\\grafana-vm\Network(eth0)\Total','\\hello!'`, then it expands to: `@'\\grafana-vm\Network(eth0)\Total', @'\\hello!'`. If you are using single value variables, then there is no need for this macro, simply escape the variable inline instead - `@'\$myVar'`.
```

> - `$__contains(colName, $myVar)` - is to be used with multi-value template variables. If `$myVar` has the value `'value1','value2'`, it expands to: `colName in ('value1','value2')`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$__contains(colName, $myVar)` - Use with multi-value template variables. If `$myVar` has the value `'value1','value2'`, the it expands to: `colName in ('value1','value2')`.
```

>   If using the `All` option, then check the `Include All Option` checkbox and in the `Custom all value` field type in the following value: `all`. If `$myVar` has value `all` then the macro will instead expand to `1 == 1`. For template variables with a lot of options, this will increase the query performance by not building a large "where..in" clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are using the `All` option, then check the `Include All Option` checkbox and the `Custom all value` field type in the following value: `all`. If `$myVar` has value `all` then the macro will instead expand to `1 == 1`. For template variables with a lot of options, this will increase the query performance by not building a large "where..in" clause.
```
